perf: Adjust good order by example for correct SQL generation (#1662)
cap-js/docs: advanced/performance-modeling.md

from OrdersHeaders JOIN OrdersItems on OrdersHeaders.ID = OrdersItems.Header.ID
where price > 100;
```

> This query has to identify that price can be filtered before the join. Which can cause the full join to be materialized before filtered back down to a smaller subset again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query has to identify that price can be filtered before the join. This can cause the full join to be materialized before it's filtered back down to a smaller subset again.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query needs to identify that prices can be filtered before the join. Filtering beforehand prevents the full join from being materialized and then reduced to a smaller subset.
```
